(DOCSP-23900): Removing product source constants from app-services topics (#214)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/get-started.txt

   :class: singlecol

To sync data across devices, you :ref:`enable Device Sync <enable-sync>` for your
App and then use the sync-related methods and properties in the SDKs.

.. tip:: Check out the tutorial
   
   If you prefer to learn by example, check out the App Services 
   `tutorial <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/tutorial/>`_, which describes

>    how to build a synced Task Tracker application with clients for common 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   how to build a synced todo list application with clients for common 
```

let's rephrase. we've deprecated term 'Task Tracker'

Author: Okay. I've updated the few other remaining instances in the repo as well

-----------------------------

To sync data across devices, you :ref:`enable Device Sync <enable-sync>` for your
app and then use the sync-related methods and properties in the SDKs.

.. tip:: Check out the tutorial
   
   If you prefer to learn by example, check out the App Services 
   `tutorial <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/tutorial/>`_, which describes
   how to build a synced Task Tracker application with clients for common 

>    platforms that App Services supports.

Reviewer: this def needs rephrasing. perhaps smthn like:

```rst
 If you prefer to learn by example, check out the 
 :ref:`Device Sync tutorials <SOME REF HERE>`.
These tutorials describe how to build client applications
using Device Sync and the Realm SDKs.
```
